Zuba 420 (#350)
bcgov/citz-imb-ai: HPC/HPC_Embeddings/docs/memory_pool.md

It is implemented as a **bump allocator**, a simple yet powerful technique that pre-allocates a large, contiguous block of memory (an "arena") and services allocation requests by simply "bumping" a pointer forward. This design avoids the performance pitfalls of standard `malloc` in multithreaded, high-throughput scenarios.

---

## 2. The Problem It Solves

In a performance-critical application like this, standard library functions like `malloc()` and `free()` can become a major bottleneck. The memory pool is designed to solve several key problems:

#### a. High Overhead of `malloc`

Every call to `malloc()` is a system call that requires the C library to search the heap for a free block of memory of a suitable size. This involves complex algorithms, bookkeeping, and kernel-level context switching. When you need to allocate memory for thousands of small strings per second (like in `split_text_to_words`), the cumulative overhead of these calls is enormous.

> **Solution:** The memory pool makes a single, large `malloc` call at the beginning. Subsequent allocations (`pool_alloc`) are nearly free—they are just a pointer addition and a bounds check, which are orders ofmagnitude faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Solution:** The memory pool makes a single, large `malloc` call at the beginning. Subsequent allocations (`pool_alloc`) are nearly free—they are just a pointer addition and a bounds check, which are orders of magnitude faster.
```
